I want to truly thank you and Nick both for the time both you took to listen and talk to me. Nick encouraged me to “let it out”, though I was hesitant I felt it was a safe environment to do so. 

You asked me to summarize two things from our conversation in a confidential email:

My experience working with Maelle

As I shared with you when we have our converstaion, Maelle is a intelligent person. I appreciate intelligence, but I do not think it's nice when it is publically announced where it can make others feel bad.

Some examples:

- From Day 1 of Code 201 back in July, 2016, she has been open about having Aspergers. Because she shared openly during her introduction to the class, and because I happen to be sitting right next to her, during break I introduced myself and shared that I live with a learning disability as well- ADHD. We talked about some of the challenges, and realized we had some important things in common.

In the same conversation, without being prompted, she shared that when she was tested for Aspergers, she also tested in the Mensa. I asked her what that is, and she told me that this means she in the top 2% of intelligence of all people. I have to admit that my reaction was hesitant, since I did not ask her about that and was not sure why she had the inclination to share that. 

- Starting in 201, she would refer to the time it took her to complete an assignment.
201 lab: 
* Ex 1) When she missed a lecture due to her kids' dr's appointments, the next day when people were talking about the challenges of the previous-day lab, she said something along the lines of "I got it done in 30 mins. I dont' know how I did it." Which seems like she was bragging that she was able to figure it out quickly even while missing lecture. For many students, this particular lab took 2-3 hours.

* Ex 2) There was also a time when she would finish first and she would announce, "yayy, I'm done!" After several times, Bronwyn was sitting next to her, who was still working through the lab, said along the lines of: "when you cheer like that, it makes me more frustrated/makes me feel worse."

301 lab: 

While having lunch, she mentioned to Britt Dawn

She has asked, over the courses, not to be paired with certain students that she doesn't feel she works well with or she feels were picked on by. To show that this was publically talked about, for example, B, and myself. 

In 3, her and I were lab partners for a sql lab, and she asked R to speak to him, she came back and once we were done with the lab, some of the girls from class were having chatting, and she said (infont of)

2)
Sdfsdf

It was great getting to talk with you, learning more about you, and hearing about you experience as a student in campus. Can you please write me an email regarding two things we discussed: 1) your experience working with 2) the things she shared about the  and his Code of Conduct Violation - This email and information will remain private and you will not be exposed. 

